These are the grammar rules for the parsing language.

A statement is made up of a name, properties, and the rule. The name is the 
first portion of the statement, global properties follow, and the actual rule of
the statment.

Names can be anything not already reserved by the parsing environment for use to
define special rules.

Properties are denoted by a leading '@', and can be anything in the list of
global properties. These properties are global only within the context of the
rule being evaluated. Since rules are generally constructed by combining several
other defined definitions, these properties propogate down to definitions used
in the rules. For example, the @new property provides the capability to define
a new symbol table for the rule, and any sub-definitions. Any definition that
is explored as part of the rule for a statement that contains a @new has access
to the new symbol table produced as a result of the @new property.

Rules themselves are made up of combinations of string literals, other 
definitions, and special keywords, tied together in some way by operators. 

Note that for any lists, the first token should be read literally. The hyphen
exists only to provide separation between the token and the description for the
eyes.

Special keywords:
symbol - Demands that a symbol exists identical to the symbol in the source file
	inside of the symbol table for that context. Can be tied with the @ operator
	to specify the symbol table in a context to use, assuming there is more than
	one. Combined with permeation, this symbol will be searched for first in the
	current context symbol table, followed by the logical parent symbol tables,
	possibly following particular branches in the lineage if the @ operator is
	used.
newsym - Adds the symbol in the source to the current symbol table, possibly
	specified by the @ operator. If the symbol already exists in the symbol
	table specified, parsing fails.
NULL - Simply means that it is possible for there to be nothing in a particular
	section and for the rule to evaluate correctly. This has little meaning
	without being in combination with the "|" operator, such that NULL will
	validate the rule if no other sub-rules combined with NULL with "|" validate
	the rule.

Operators:
> - Binary operator. Simply means that once this operator is reached, the
	definition for the rule cannot be processed at any point preceding this
	operator. That is to say, there are several operators that allow the
	processing of the definition to return to points previous to the operator
	read, and this one specifically does not.
| - Binary operator, can be chained with several sub-rules. This operator means
	that of any number of combined sub-rules through use of one or more of these
	"|" operators, at least one must be valid.
* - Unary operator. Must be tied to a single definition. Means that that 
	definition can apply zero or more times in that context, and should be
	evaluated continuously until it fails to evaluate correctly.
; - Denotes the end of a statement.
() - Sub-rules of any complexity can be enclosed in parentheses with the effect
	that operators can be applied to the parenthised quantity and treated as a
	single sub-rule, with the exception of the "*" operator.
@ - Unary operator. Outside of the context of the properties section, this
	operator is right-affixed to any definitions that should search inside of
	only specific symbol tables, assuming that more than one symbol table is
	available. An integer value between 1 and 255 should immediately follow this
	operator. Permeation combined with this operator allows for maintaining a
	search through a specific branch of hierarchial symbol tables. That said,
	the programmer must be aware that use of permeation and this operator and
	the ability to define many symbol tables on many levels of definition
	processing all work in tandem, and the entire parsing definition file should
	be considered for ramifications at any use of any of these capabilities.




Reserved names: 
TOPLEVEL - This name refers to the rule that is evaluated first when actual
	parsing of the input file is performed.

Global Properties:
@new - Can either be used alone or with a syntax that allows defining more than
	one symbol table. Acceptable uses: "@new", "@new:1", "@new:37".
	Note that @new must define at least one new symbol table, but cannot define
	more than 255 symbol tables. Unacceptable uses: "@new:garbage", "@new:-1",
	"@new:0", "@new:256".
@permeate - Can either be used alone or with a syntax that allows defining
	greater depths of permeation. This property allows a rule to search for
	symbols in symbol tables that are "higher" than the symbol table(s)
	currently being used. That is to say, if the rule being processed is under
	the influence of any of one or more @new properties from any level of
	processing depth, @permeate allows access to the symbol tables that are
	being masked by the @new declarations. 
